Update battery status section (#81)
dortania/OpenCore-Post-Install: laptop-specific/battery.md

# Battery Status

> While previously you may have had to create DSDT patches/SSDT hot-patches in order to get working battery status in macOS, you longer have to thanks to a new kext, [ECEnabler](https://github.com/1Revenger1/ECEnabler/releases/latest). In the extraordinary case that you may still need to create DSDT patches/SSDT hot-patches (e.g. for dual batteries), we have left some resources linked below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While previously you may have had to create DSDT patches/SSDT hot-patches in order to get working battery status in macOS, with [ECEnabler](https://github.com/1Revenger1/ECEnabler/releases/latest) (a kext to allow reading fields over a byte in size) you no longer have to. In the extraordinary case that you may still need to create DSDT patches/SSDT hot-patches (e.g. for dual batteries), we have left some resources linked below.
```

# Battery Status

> While previously you may have had to create DSDT patches/SSDT hot-patches in order to get working battery status in macOS, you longer have to thanks to the [ECEnabler](https://github.com/1Revenger1/ECEnabler/releases/latest) kext. In the extraordinary case that you still have to create DSDT patches/SSDT hot-patches (e.g. for dual batteries), we have left some resources linked below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While previously you may have had to create DSDT patches/SSDT hot-patches in order to get working battery status in macOS, you longer have to thanks to a new kext, [ECEnabler](https://github.com/1Revenger1/ECEnabler/releases/latest). In the extraordinary case that you may still need to create DSDT patches/SSDT hot-patches (e.g. for dual batteries), we have left some resources linked below.
```

* If battery status is not working even with ECEnabler, make sure you have the [SMCBatteryManager](https://github.com/Acidanthera/VirtualSMC/releases/latest) VirtualSMC plugin enabled in your OpenCore configuration.

> * Please note that certain devices, such as the Surface 3, Surface Pro 5, Surface Book 2, and Surface Laptop (and all subsequent Surface devices), use proprietary Embedded Controllers (or other similar hardware) instead of standard ACPI battery devices and OperationRegion fields, and thus without device-specific kexts, battery status cannot work.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Certain devices, such as the Surface 3, Surface Pro 5, Surface Book 2, and Surface Laptop (and all subsequent Surface devices), use proprietary Embedded Controllers (or other similar hardware) instead of standard ACPI battery devices and OperationRegion fields, and thus without device-specific kexts, battery status cannot work.
```

maybe make it a tip/warning/whatever?

::: details Battery Patching Resources

* Note: If you are using the ECEnabler kext, you do not need to split EC fields as shown in the guides below. This means that you can use the field names in your DSDT directly instead of through utility methods (e.g. `B1B2`, `B1B4`, `RE1B`, and `RECB`).

## Dual Battery

> Because macOS does not properly support systems with dual-batteries, you have to merge the two batteries in ACPI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Because macOS does not properly support systems with dual batteries, you have to merge the two batteries in ACPI.
```

# Battery Status

> With [ECEnabler.kext](https://github.com/1Revenger1/ECEnabler/releases/latest), ACPI patching is no longer required for working battery percentage. If you would like battery functionality beyond charge percentage (e.g. cycle count, or temperature/other supplemental data) or have dual batteries, you still will need to create ACPI patches. For this, we have linked resources below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With [ECEnabler.kext](https://github.com/1Revenger1/ECEnabler/releases/latest), ACPI patching is no longer required for working battery percentage. If you would like battery functionality beyond charge percentage (e.g. cycle count, or temperature/other supplemental data) or have dual batteries, you still will need to create ACPI patches - see the resources below.
```

## Dual Battery

Because macOS does not properly support systems with dual-batteries, you have to merge the two batteries in ACPI.

> Refer to this Acidanthera documentation for information on how to handle dual-battery laptops: [Link](https://github.com/acidanthera/VirtualSMC/blob/master/Docs/Dual%20Battery%20Support.md)

Reviewer 2: `Refer to Acidanthera's documentation`
or
`Refer to the VirtualSMC documentation`
or something similar.

Author: Good suggestion. I agree because `Refer to the VirtualSMC documentation` is more applicable to the documentation in this case.

## Cycle Count

> Some manufacturers, such as HP, supply cycle count information within their EC registers, however do not support the ACPI 4.0 specification's `_BIX` method within their firmware to allow for this information to be queried. In the past, Rehabman's ACPIBatteryManager employed a hack to support cycle counts on firmwares which do not have a `_BIX` method, however with SMCBatteryManager this is no longer supported and a `_BIX` method must be manually implemented. 

Reviewer 2: Two long sentences in a row, break it up a bit.
`Some manufacturers, such as HP, already supply cycle count. However, it is not exposed within the `_BIX` method, or the `_BIX` method is not implemented. ...`
I'd probably replace `do not support the ACPI 4.0 spec... with either the above or something else.
